I have a boilerplate for my codeingter 3 Application I want to use this boilerplate to build my next codeignter 3 project bellow is the full description of the app we will be building togenter step by step with no step skipped using the layout in the boilerplate for our app views. Project Title Laundry Management system case study: Customer register with their name contact address. the sytem will generate a tag (AA AB AK) for each customer this tags should be unique for each customer the tag will be use on the clothes of for easy identification after wash and sorting for package after wash. After customer is register next module is called Register Service: here a select tag with search functionality is used to search customer by tag, contact. this should load the customer ready to ad all clothes he brought for wash. normally clothes are label like T-shirt, suite, trouser etc each have cost or price the laundry charge to wash and press them. this service label are handle by another module called service items. where we register them with the following field name description price. in the register service module this service items a selected and add to list of item brought for wash by the customer. qty field is added to add number of such items brought for wash( service). after selecting all them the system calculate total charges and after save a service receipt is generated with the following details: customer details item brought for wash (item qty rate amount) them is a list with total at the end. the service receipt generate unique number called SR No: 30021. this SR number is used in many area of the application which I will describe later. Next Module in the Application is called Payment management. this handle all payment made to the SR no. in this module SR no is given and the customer account  is loaded with a simple form add deposit. also the tag name or contact number can be use to load the customer account. payment receipt is generated displaying amount paid and outstanding balance. this module should include payment record report  that can be search by date set. next module in the application is the service collection management: this module should be use when customer comes to collect it clothes and the use case should be follows enter SR number SR is loaded indicating item in the list . a select form is used to select the item to give out to the customer or a button indicating all items are gave to the customer. if the item are few after save the SR view should be updated indicating some in the item list are already given to the customer and the remaining are . in this case a new column is added to the SR name note if item is given should be ticked collect and another column qty collected. hope you under stand the use case in this module. last module customer history: this should be dashboard with following tabs namely Service receipt list, Services payment List and item collected list. item collected list should list all SR that are cleared. I will talk about SR clear in a moment. next module report module: report module should give record all payment, services registered and services completed. lastly the expense module is a CRUD that allow register of expenses and management of the expenses this should have expenses category so that the expenses can be categorizes. you can help me in two ways list of guide that I can give to code agent to help me build this app or we build this together. if you need files from the boiler plate to get the code style I can provide you with that thank you